Refresh RFC001 (#29)
comit-network/RFCs: RFC-001-BAM.md

The design of the `status` field is similar to the status-code in HTTP. It's goal is to be easily machine-readable and assign semantics to status codes that are related to each other. See [[1], Section 3.3]( https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3117#section-3.3) for more information on the design of status codes.

##### Headers

`Headers` and `Body` are supposed to be used by an application protocol defined on top of `BAM`.

> Application protocols can be defined by defining `REQUEST` types and with them, the semantics of certain headers and the body of a `REQUEST`.

Reviewer: :upside_down_face: To avoid repetition.
```suggestion
Application protocols can be described by defining `REQUEST` types and with them, the semantics of certain headers and the body of a `REQUEST`.
```

2. A value: The actual value that is associated with the header

>     Every header MUST have a value. A header's value determines, what the `parameters` look like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Every header MUST have a value. A header's value determines the range of possible and mandatory parameters.
```

3. Parameters

>     Parameters are additional data that depend on a header's value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Parameters are additional data whose presence depends on the header they accompany.
```

>     Parameters are optional and may therefore be empty or left out if the encoding allows this.

Reviewer 2: ❌ Actually aren't some parameters mandatory? It's just that the possible parameters per header value must never change. (I guess you could add some non-mandatory parameters?). The network, for example might be mandatory or the `hash_function` for `comit-rfc-003`.

Is correcting this outside the scope of this PR?

Author: You mind suggesting a re-phrase?

`Depending on a header's value, parameters might be entirely optional and MAY therefore be empty or left out if the encoding allows this.`

2. A value: The actual value that is associated with the header

>     Every header MUST have a value. A header's value determines the parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Every header MUST have a value. A header's value determines the (possibly empty) set of parameters.
```
Heh sorry suggesting changes to my previously suggested change.

Author: I think we should actually change this to not mention the parameters since they are explained in the next section anyway.

3. Parameters

    Parameters are additional data that depend on a header's value.

>     They might be optional or also empty if the header's value doesn't define any parameters.

Reviewer 2: I think most of this sentence is captured by the change above.

    If the encoding supports this, parameters might even be completely left out.

>     In this case, implementations should treat the header as if the empty set of parameters was sent.

Reviewer 2: 🔧
"A parameter for a given header value may be optional or mandatory. Optional parameters may be omitted. If the header value specifies no mandatory parameters, then the parameters section may be completely left out and implementations should treat this as if the empty set of parameters was sent"

```

In the above example:

> - "source_ledger" is the header-key.

Reviewer 3: ❓Any particular reason why you are using double quotes here?
```suggestion
- `source_ledger` is the header-key.
```

Author: Nope. Does the rest of the document use back-ticks?

> - `source_ledger` is the header-key.

Reviewer 2: 😄

Implementations MUST be able to process compact representations. They MUST treat them identical to the version with only a `value` field.

In the compact representation, the `value` of a header MUST NOT be an `object`.

The following is therefore invalid:

```json
"invalid_header": {
    "some_key": "foobar"
}
```

If a header needs an `object` to express its value, you should resort to the default representation to make it unambigous:

```json
"valid_header": {
    "value": {
        "some_key": "foobar"
    }
}
```

#### Naming conventions

- Frame types should use all caps convention. For example, `REQUEST`.
- Headers should use snake case convention. For example, `source_ledger`.
- `REQUEST` types should use all caps convention as well. For example: `SWAP`.

### Connection errors / failure cases

The following section describes the behaviour in certain failure scenarios.

#### Malformed response

It can happen that a counterparty sends a malformed response or that the response is not deserializable due to some other cause.

> For requests, we can send back a response to inform the other party of the problem.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if _we_ is correct here, shouldn't it be the COMIT node?
```suggestion
For requests, we can send back a response to inform the other party of the problem.
```

Implementations MUST be able to process compact representations. They MUST treat them identical to the version with only a `value` field.

In the compact representation, the `value` of a header MUST NOT be an `object`.

The following is therefore invalid:

```json
"invalid_header": {
    "some_key": "foobar"
}
```

If a header needs an `object` to express its value, you should resort to the default representation to make it unambigous:

```json
"valid_header": {
    "value": {
        "some_key": "foobar"
    }
}
```

#### Naming conventions

- Frame types should use all caps convention. For example, `REQUEST`.
- Headers should use snake case convention. For example, `source_ledger`.
- `REQUEST` types should use all caps convention as well. For example: `SWAP`.

### Connection errors / failure cases

The following section describes the behaviour in certain failure scenarios.

#### Malformed response

It can happen that a counterparty sends a malformed response or that the response is not deserializable due to some other cause.
For requests, a response can be sent back to inform the other party of the problem.
However, there are no response messages for responses.

> In this case, implementations should treat this as a *temporary* failure by logging the incident and dropping the malformed response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, implementations should treat this as a *temporary* failure by logging the incident and ignoring the malformed response.
```
